♪ How about some pajeon by the stream?
[S.COUPS] [JEONGHAN] [JOSHUA]
♪ How about working out twice a day?
[JUN] [WONWOO] [HOSHI] [WOOZI]
♪ How about we fly in the sky?
[THE 8] [MINGYU] [DK]
♪ Or zone out into the fire while you lean on me?
[SEUNGKWAN] [VERNON] [DINO]
♪ In the SOOP
♪ SOOP du ru du du ru du
(Yes, let's go there)
[SEVENTEEN IN THE SOOP 2]
[The following content
includes ads and sponsorship]
♪ SEVENTEEN is In the SOOP
[SEVENTEEN IN THE SOOP 2]
[The following content
includes ads and sponsorship]
[Time flies]
[Everyday passes by the same]
[To everyone running forward
while only looking straight ahead, it's necessary]
[A brief time of rest]
[SEVENTEEN's READY TO TIME OFF]
That sounds good.
[Q. You're going to IN THE SOOP 2.]
I don't think I'll feel anxious now
like I did long ago.
I know I'll be at peace
when I go to "IN THE SOOP",
so I'll be able to get enough rest
and be relieved of stress.
When I go to "IN THE SOOP",
I put down my cell phone
and I think it's great to be away
from this busy life.
I think I just need to go and rest well,
so I'll probably feel much more at peace.
I'm going to show that I'm resting.
I think I'm in a state where
I can rest well when I am resting.
I think that's because I went
to "IN THE SOOP" once.
["This is all thanks to 'IN THE SOOP'"]
[Some wait for it]
[Some need it]
[Just being together brings healing]
[SEVENTEEN's "IN THE SOOP" Season 1
was filled with rest and memories]
We haven't seen sights like this recently.
There are beautiful mountains and rivers.
[Mysterious and alluring sights that
is surrounded by the waters of Nakdong River]
The air is great and
the environment is great.
[Air and environment unavailable in the city]
Getting some air and listening to nature.
I was able to take the tough and stressful things
[Putting them behind]
in those moments
and let them fly away with nature.
I really felt like just being here like this
gave me healing. [IN THE SOOP]
I feel like I got plenty of rest.
It made me think,
"I can go back again and work hard."
[Briefly forgetting the busy schedules]
2, 3!
[Fully enjoying the time to recharge]
[A forced 4 night, 5 day break
only meant for SEVENTEEN]
[What memories will they make
"IN THE SOOP" the second time?]
[At the place they're leaving to this time,]
[they can experience
the traditional atmosphere and nature]
[Scholar's beautiful city,
Gyeongsangbuk-do]
Gyeongsangbuk-do Andong]
[SEVENTEEN's "IN THE SOOP" 2
will begin now]
[◄◄◄ 10:00 a.m.
Day of leaving for the forest]
S.COUPS!
[◄◄◄ 10:00 a.m.
Day of leaving for the forest]
HOSHI!
[EP.1 READY TO TIME OFF]
Wen Junhui!
[The members gather one by one]
Let's go!
Does it take 4 hours to get there?
[5 hour trip] [Getting in the bus before traffic]
5 hours... Isn't it 5 hours with traffic?
"IN THE SOOP"!
Where should I sit?
[THE 8 is sitting in a single seat]
[The single seats get filled quickly]
When traveling, the seat next to you is important.
Come next to me, Wen Junhui!
[SEUNGKWAN's love, JUN, has entered]
[DINO is here ⤹]
Hi, Minghao!
- I'm going to sit next to S.COUPS.
- Okay.
Class of 22! Come here!
[(?)] [DK]
Hasn't it been a while
since we've been on a bus, guys?
It's been a while since
we've been on a bus!
We seem like rookies during
the beginning today. It's nice!
Hey! You can even press a button
for when you want to go to the bathroom.
- If you press it, a bathroom... / - Does
a bathroom appear if you press the button?
[Very serious]
Do you think it would come out?
- Do you think it would come out? / - Would it?
[It's peaceful again with SEVENTEEN today]
I know it, too! I was just saying it, punk!
- Okay. Let's go! / - Let's go!
[Finally departing to Andong]
Let's go! "IN THE SOOP"!
Last time, we drove there,
[Finally departing to Andong]
but this time, we're taking a bus there.
But either way, it's nice.
[THE 8 & DK like everything in this moment]
Right, Minghao?
Do you like it? [Yes ♥]
[THE 8 & DK like everything in this moment]
I was so excited yesterday
that I couldn't fall asleep.
Guys! Do you know that?
What's with him again?
[Everyone focuses]
We're going to Andong, right?
I'm from the Andong Kwon family clan.
Really?
Then HOSHI needs to go
and have some Andong soju!
Andong soju exists?
Andong soju is famous!
HOSHI... What is it?
He said he would drink at "IN THE SOOP".
But we have the dome tour coming up,
so I'm going to cut back at drinking.
The "IN THE SOOP" song came out.
["IN THE SOOP 2" OST came out quickly
after inspiration from HOSHI]
In the alcohol! I feel good.
Let's keep getting drunk. [♬]
But I do want to try Andong soju.
- SEUNGKWAN!
- Huh?
You have a hard time with regular soju!
What do you mean, Andong soju?
The children should go home and sleep!
[Crazy back and forth again today kekeke]
Go home and sleep!
Go sleep!
The weather is nice!
The weather is really nice.
It's perfect weather to go to "IN THE SOOP"!
Should I look at the Andong weather?
It's generally pretty breezy.
DINO has that variety show tone.
[MC Chan] [Unique]
It's 14 degrees at the lowest.
Looks okay!
- At the lowest.
At the lowest.
There's no wind at all.
- Don't you mean there are no clouds at all?
- There's no wind at all?
- No wind... / - What are you saying?
How cute.
[❤]
Let's take a nice nap.
Pass out.
I think I'll come out very ugly.
It's okay. You're the same.
You're the same.
[(?)]
I have to sleep.
[If they sleep off the fatigue
from the tour schedule]
It's nice here!
[They will arrive in Andong
where the green forest unfolds]
It's really vast.
- The water is very clean.
It would've been perfect to swim
if it was summer.
That's right.
In the summer...
[That's right]
- In the summer... / - I'm sorry, but who are you?
[Where did Wen Junhui go] [Who...]
What? Are you a zombie?
[Where did Wen Junhui go] [Who are you...]
Wen Junhui slept with his eyes closed
for the first time in over a decade.
I slept so well.
- Junhui slept with his eyes closed?
- Yes.
I took a photo to commemorate this.
Please take a photo with JUN
with the blanket.
So that it looks like a hospital room.
[Remember... 221015...]
[The day Junhui slept with his eyes closed_★.jpg]
I slept very well.
What should I eat?
[Oh, I slept very well]
That's a great dilemma.
[Finally arrived at the destination
around the time of getting hungry]
We arrived!
[Finally arrived at the destination
around the time of getting hungry]
Oh! Andong!
Andong! Andong Kwon is in Andong!
Andong Kwon came to Andong, DINO!
Congratulations.
The air is nice.
- Let's go! "IN THE SOOP"! / - I feel good!
[Bright and clear fall weather]
- Let's take a breath!
- Yes, shall we sing as we go?
It's nice here.
The weather is so nice!
The weather is insane!
MINGYU!
Go in the water then.
[Then we recommend going in the water]
The weather is so nice1
[(Just saying the weather is nice~)]
- Wow, I guess this is a tractor.
- We're riding that?
We're going to ride this and
[Getting on the tractor
to go deeper into the forest]
- go into the forest. / - We're going in this.
[Getting on the tractor
to go deeper into the forest]
It's nice!
The air is nice!
The water is nice!
[Done getting on, side by side]
Let's go! "IN THE SOOP"!
[The tractor leaves]
SEUNGKWAN! Who was it?
What was it?
- Toegye Yi Hwang! / - Toegye Yi Hwang here.
- Toegye Yi Hwang.
[⤤ Showing off historical knowledge]
This road is so beautiful that he passed by
with 13 people and
[⤤ Showing off historical knowledge]
- sat down and wrote a poem.
- We're also 13 people.
- We're 13 people. This is fate.
- Yeah.
There's a story here!
- Wow! It's perfect to go in here.
- It's really beautiful.
Emerald color.
We could go in during the day
and play because it's hot!
It seems like we're abroad!
[The beautiful scenery that
brings their steps to a halt]
The river is incredible.
[The beautiful scenery that
brings their steps to a halt]
I didn't know there was
a place like this in Korea.
Are we crossing the water in this?
Really? No way!
- Here...
- We're crossing the water?
- It crosses over water.
- It really crosses over water.
[Everyone is amazed at the new experience]
- The creek here is so beautiful.
- It's nice.
[Everyone is amazed at the new experience]
The water is really clean!
[Nakdong River is mysterious]
[If we slowly follow the vast waters]
[In between the grand cliffs]
[There's a "small island within land"
just for SEVENTEEN]
The smell of the water!
DK! Look at that wall.
There's a pink wall!
Yes, there is!
- It looks like it's greeting us.
- Yeah!
[Following the cliff that looks shaved off,]
It's really beautiful.
[Following the cliff that looks shaved off,
the red foliage is vividly colored]
But I think the emotions of
"IN THE SOOP" are amazing.
It really is beautiful.
[Briefly far from the world]
There's seriously nobody.
[SEVENTEEN heads toward complete "rest"]
That place is so beautiful!
It's very vast.
Where does it go until?
[The whole village is SEVENTEEN's resting place]
[Time to go around the village where
they'll spend 4 nights and 5 days]
Look at this!
What's the sleep zone?
[Campgrounds, sleep zone, food zone,
strength zone, sauna zone, inn]
The place where we sleep?
[The signs and map show the areas at once]
[Observatory] [Food zone] [Playground]
[Strength zone] [Sleep zone] [Campgrounds]
[Sauna] [Inn]
Guys! Where should we visit first?
- The campgrounds.
- What is that?
- Where we camp out. Camping.
- Camping. / - Camping.
Wow!
The water is crazy here!
The water is so nice there.
- It's here.
- It's nice!
It's here.
[Admiration comes out automatically]
[Nakdong River flows refreshingly]
[Hidden behind the high cliffs]
[The first area filled with mystery]
[Campgrounds]
Going to a fishing spot and
sitting there brings me healing.
Nothing is there and
it feels like time has stopped.
I want to feel peace.
[JEONGHAN wanted a peaceful time fishing]
2, 3!
[So cold] [Diving into the cool water~!]
[Romantic time of looking
at the river at night]
- How ridiculous. / - Ssep Ssep!
[Romantic time of looking
at the river at night]
[Passing by the campgrounds now
and moving to the second spot]
This is that! We make wishes here.
[JOSHUA discovered a stone tower]
We're supposed to put one on top.
[The cute wishing stone tower
with stacked stones]
What! Hey!
Are you cutting off the wishes?
[(?)]
JOSHUA! People made wishes
and did all of that!
How could you ruin that?
[(Flustered)]
I did it unknowingly!
[T T]
Right now, other people's wishes...
I did it.
You were flustered, right?
I was flustered.
[Succeeded at restoring the wishes]
It fell over all of a sudden.
[Place to look through next]
[It will take care of each of SEVENTEEN's meals]
The food zone!
[The food zone will take care of
each of SEVENTEEN's meals]
Oh, it's clean!
The scale is on another level.
It's very spacious.
[They can enjoy the picturesque
scenery with a meal]
scenery with a meal at "IN THE SOOP" dining]
[Various snacks will satisfy their bored mouths]
[There's even an ice cream freezer this time]
[Filled with simple meal kits
to various ingredients]
The ingredients are crazy. No dish is impossible!
[The members' favorite, meat,
is also plentifully prepared]
[Delicious food will be made
everyday at the food zone]
Shall we try it?
[Delicious food tastes better
when eaten with the members!]
It's delicious.
[Delicious food tastes better
when eaten with the members!]
[At night in the tarp zone next to the food zone]
Suddenly!
[Laughter and chatting won't stop all night]
[The place right next to the food zone]
The playroom here is huge, too!
[Playground]
There's a lot we can do here.
[From various tools for
the 13 members' hobbies]
- Making fragrances. / - That's for JOSHUA!
[From various tools for
the 13 members' hobbies]
Drawing.
[From various tools for
the 13 members' hobbies]
There's this!
I wanted to try this.
[From essential board games and snacks!!]
[(Peek-a-boo)]
There's a photo of us from last year here.
We camped out in a car!
Camping out in a car sounds good. It sounds fun.
[Cracks up just from looking at it kekeke]
Wow! This is fun!
[SEUNGKWAN loved it]
[Customized poster with SEVENTEEN's songs]
["IN THE SOOP 2" karaoke room is open]
[Where are they headed to
after the playground?]
The playground?
- This is the gym!
- There's one? It's nice!
Just 3, 4 years ago,
there were only about
1 or 2 members that exercised.
These days, I think the majority
tries to exercise a lot.
[(The members)]
Did you say there's a place to work out?
I think we can make one if you'd like.
[We'll make one if SEVENTEEN wants it]
I think it'd be nice if there was a gym.
[Call]
If you watch "GYM JONG KOOK" on You*ube,
you can see Kim Jong Kook's home gym...
That's very expensive,
but similar multi racks or dumbbells...
Protein... that is chocolate flavored...
[The gym from last season was very simple (?)]
[The NEW strength zone
is set up with everything]
[Multi rack, running machine,
dumbbells, gym balls, yoga mats]
[Even with protein for HOSHI
and a mini refrigerator, it's perfect]
There was no space to do this next to it.
[The place that amazed
all the members including WOOZI]
[Scanning the equipment closely]
This is much better quality!
I'll accept 50,000 won per PT session.
[Trainer WOO's health club is open]
[That's how SEVENTEEN's
strength zone love began]
[ALL 13 attended]
[The 24 hour HOT PLACE]
Nice, THE 8!
[ALL 13 attended]
[The 24 hour HOT PLACE]
Nice, THE 8!
The field has been upgraded.
[What's the huge field in front
of the strength zone?]
[Survival zone]
For Wen Junhui,
there's a place for archery.
[Even an archery zone for JUN]
[What about the place they must
circle around to the other side of the village?]
[The special place surrounded
by the river and trees]
[Sauna] [Inn] [Sleep zone]
[The left of the village has these 3 zones]
[The sauna especially made for SEVENTEEN]
[A warm healing spot filled
with red clay and phytoncide]
[Even a warm pool
to melt their bodies is prepared]
That must be the inn!
[To properly enjoy the country vacation]
[To properly enjoy the country vacation,
there's an inn]
[A cozy and warm atmosphere
resonates in this space]
[(A surprise friend is waiting)]
[Introducing the last place for SEVENTEEN]
[Group sleep zone]
[House for sleeping]
[The first floor of the group sleep zone first]
[Through the full sized windows, a forest and
river view can be enjoyed on the wooden deck]
[A small room on the first floor]
[3 rooms and living room on the second floor]
[Fire pit view for spacing out to fire
by the second floor windows]
[Way past the fire pit view for spacing out to fire]
[The house for sleeping comes out
way past the fire pit view for spacing out to fire]
[2 personal bedrooms that
look alike like twins]
[On the spacious grassy field]
- There's screen golfing! / - There's even jokgu!
[Sports equipment and toys
that SEVENTEEN likes are all gathered]
That's right!
One touch!
[They can play jokgu all together
all day and night]
- Then let's exclude Minghao and HOSHI.
- HOSHI!
[Always starting off with room assignments]
- There are singles here. 2 singles.
- There are 2 singles here. / - Really?
[THE 8 and HOSHI are excluded
because they're using the house]
It's nice!
[♬ Ttara ttara tta~]
[MINGYU and WOOZI enter first]
[The members in the house came to look]
Do you want to share a room, VERNON?
Sounds good!
Do you want this one?
- Where?
- Here.
I think it'll be quiet and nice here.
[So cool❤] [Extreme Fs that pick
with how they feel]
Should we?
[So cool❤] [Extreme Fs that pick
with how they feel]
- Let's use this one together. / - Okay.
[So cool❤] [Extreme Fs that pick
with how they feel]
- Here? Yes. It doesn't matter. / - Here.
[DK and WONWOO came up to
the stair room on the second floor]
- I think this will be nice.
- It's nice! It's okay.
I think we'll be able to see ghosts at night.
[^^]
Then I'll go somewhere else...
- Out of the 3 rooms, this one has the best
lighting. / - How much is the deposit here?
The deposit is 10 million won with a million won.
[Where is My Home] [A scenario suddenly begins]
- 10 million won with a million won?
- I'll put in a good work with the homeowner
and give it to you for 800,000 won.
[New tenant (?) SEUNGKWAN
looks thoroughly since it's expensive]
- I need to see if the water runs well. / - Of course!
[New tenant (?) SEUNGKWAN
looks thoroughly since it's expensive]
I'll give it to you for 800,000 won!
[?!]
Why is it set for the shower head?
[T T]
The weather is great.
[Suddenly changing the genre]
[This mood is very much like a CF]
[Nods]
I just want to sleep anywhere.
[All of the members are done choosing rooms]
Oh! Kit!
Oh, they even gave a pine cone.
[A welcome kit this time as well]
This is so cute!
[⤣Pajamas] [⤤Towel] [⤤Blanket]
[⤣Cup] [⤦T-shirt] [⤥Socks]
I'm going to put mine in the room.
[JUN puts it in his room]
- Why are you acting cute, SEUNGKWAN?
- How cute.
[Meanwhile, WONWOO,  SEUNGKWAN, and DINO]
- I'm cute.
- Why did you leave it in the center?
[Meanwhile, WONWOO, SEUNGKWAN, and DINO
look through previous "IN THE SOOP" photos]
But it's cute.
[Meanwhile, WONWOO, SEUNGKWAN, and DINO
look through previous "IN THE SOOP" photos]
It's nice that there's a lot from "IN THE SOOP"
season 1 in all the rooms.
[Memories filled all throughout the rooms]
What's wrong with my outfit?
Time flies by so fast though.
I can't believe it's 1.5 years ago.
[The members begin to relax in their own ways]
Hey, Josh!
You have to run and catch it!
You threw it well!
It feels like we're at an MT.
I'm going to be very relaxed
at "IN THE SOOP" this time.
[But like this kekeke]
What do you want to eat?
Spicy braised chicken?
[Might cook more passionately
than anyone kekeke]
Maeuntang (spicy fish stew)?
[Might cook more passionately
than anyone kekeke]
[When each of the member's
are enjoying their rest]
[Humming is heard from somewhere]
[VERNON's fun room cleaning]
[Putting his jacket on a hanger
and into the closet]
[Next is moving the bed]
[Restoring it to the original state]
[Opening it up for his roommate, JOSHUA]
[After putting the stand in the best spot]
[(Done cleaning)]
Do we just do whatever we want now?
[Sleep zone]
[Self-made BGM]
[Where is VERNON heading to?]
[To the food zone]
[Reading the refrigerator ingredient list]
[(Kitchen runway)]
[It's okay to do anything
and nothing in this place]
and nothing "IN THE SOOP"]
- Let's eat!
- Oh, that scared me!
I was only waiting for you.
What are you going to make to eat?
The guys said we should eat that earlier.
- Something refreshing.
- Something refreshing?
- Cold kimchi noodles. Or somen!
- Okay.
Is that okay?
Sounds good!
Let me know if you need any help.
You're the leader.
[❤]
[JUN carries something into the food zone]
What are you doing?
It's the sauce I brought.
[Various sauces he brought⤵]
[JUN also brought ingredients to
"IN THE SOOP" last time as well]
[Which dish will JUN show this time?]
[Meanwhile the food zone leader
looks through the refrigerator]
[Stares at the leader]
[Waiting for the order while washing his hands...]
There's jjolmyeon and udon!
I should do it with that.
[(Looks sort of determined)]
[(hey leader...)]
[Follows around~]
[I want order...]
[Slightly burdened]
What should I do?
Think about something else
you want to eat.
Isn't it too empty if we only eat jjolmyeon
(spicy chewy noodles)? [(?)]
- Jjolmyeon with donkatsu?
- Donkatsu?
[Donkatsu inputted]
- Donkatsu. / - Isn't there donkatsu?
Is there something that works?
Why can't I find it?
[Confused]
- Then should we just eat fried dumplings?
- Should we?
[The leader eventually comes]
Fried dumplings are good, too.
Jjolmyeon and dumplings?
[Donkatsu inputted]
Like this?
[Fried dumplings inputted]
I'm so hungry.
Add oil 3~4 spoonfuls of oil to a pan
[Fried dumpling recipe (official recipe)] [1.]
and preheat with higher heat
than medium heat for about 2 minutes.
Hey! Canol... canola oil?
Canola oil is fine or just gasoline... Just...
I said gasoline. Cooking oil is fine, too. [Kekeke]
Olive oil is fine and gasoline is fine.
Or diesel is fine.
Let's use olive oil then. Olive oil.
[After much consideration (?),
they decide on olive oil]
Gasoline... My goodness.
[With MINGYU's greasy joke aside]
[Adding 3 spoonfuls of olive oil first]
Preheat for 2 minutes?
[Official recipe]
- You've never seen
the minced garlic, right? / - Yes.
[Thorough time check]
[(If it's 2 minutes...
That's plenty of time to do the dishes)]
VERNON! The gasoline!
This oil is burning!
It said to preheat for 2 minutes.
[Explanation robot]
Then should we make this weaker?
- Preheat the oil for 2 minutes?
- Yes.
- It's not cooking for 2 minutes?
It's written here.
Add oil and preheat with higher heat
than medium heat for about 2 minutes.
[Reading for the nth ntime]
Aren't we supposed to preheat this on the heat?
[MINGYU can't understand it at all]
I've never heard that you're supposed
to preheat oil before.
Add oil and preheat with higher heat
than medium heat for about 2 minutes.
[Bringing the recipe before his eyes after all]
Add the unthawed frozen dumplings to the pan.
Then controlling the heat...
I don't think we can do it.
- I think we can add them now.
- Okay.
I lowered the heat as much as possible.
[Changing the recipe]
[Adding the frozen dumplings right after]
It's hot.
Try cooking it well.
[Haha]
This will somehow work out.
[VERNON's first dumpling dish isn't easy]
Where was the cafeteria?
It's over there!
- Why am I so hungry right now?
- The guys are cooking.
Really?
Jjolmyeon and fried dumplings.
I'm hungry.
What are you doing?
Are you making jjolmyeon?
- Jjolmyeon and dumplings.
- Are there jjolmyeon noodles?
- Are there?
Choi Vernon is making fried dumplings?
[Oh my]
Did you thaw it?
[Focused on rookie VERNON cooking]
No, you're not supposed to thaw these.
I can't believe VERNON is making fried dumplings!
[Focused on rookie VERNON cooking]
They all burst!
- I don't think this will be enough.
- These were stuck together.
- You know it has to be on low heat, right?
[(Somehow became open-minded)]
- I don't think it'll be enough.
- It won't be enough?
[Jjolmyeon next to the fried dumplings ⤤]
- I don't think it'll be enough.
- Should we just put it all in?
[Very hungry] [SEUNGKWAN is worried
about the lacking amount of jjolmyeon]
Will it swell
and multiply? No. Hey!
[First, GET the remaining jjolmyeon]
- That's true.
- 2 bites, 3 bites. Bite bite bite!
It's bite bite bite!
But this will swell!
[Eventually adding the jjolmyeon]
It's hot!
What's wrong with this?
But is jjolmyeon supposed
to be this hard to cook?
[Just a lump of noodles]
Don't you need
to pull that apart?
[SEUNGKWAN suddenly pulls the noodles apart]
I'm pulling them apart, but...
[Flipping the dumplings over
for the nth time ⤹]
[Didn't see how many minutes
to cook them for on the recipe]
[Even the inside of the dumplings are burning]
SEUNGKWAN. Should I stop doing this?
I think it's okay right now.
- Yes, good job.
- Stop?
[(Proud)]
[DK, S.COUPS, and WONWOO are already waiting
upon hearing news of the good restaurant]
Oh... I need to increase my line of sight.
[Serving dish #1 of "IN THE SOOP 2", VERNON's
fried dumplings in exchange for his forehead]
The snack for drinking is here.
[Serving dish #1 of "IN THE SOOP 2", VERNON's
fried dumplings in exchange for his forehead]
Should I drink a can of beer, too?
[Crunch crunch with his bare hands]
Isn't it hot?
It's okay if you grab the tip.
[(Fried dumplings)]
I'm going to eat it in one bite.
[VERNON, who worked hard to cook
the fried dumplings, takes a bite, too]
It's good!
It's definitely warm in the day
near the countryside in Gyeongsang-do.
It's warm.
But I guess there's no foliage
on the mountains yet.
- There's a bit in front here.
- Right?
There's a bit, but there's none.
[Early October]
[Around the time foliage is coming]
But I...
[Early October]
[Around the time foliage is coming]
Since we went on tour in August,
2 months have sort of been deleted.
- 2 months flew by, right? / - They disappeared.
[The world tour flew by quickly]
I was very worried before
coming to "IN THE SOOP",
- but it's nice being out. / - It's nice!
[Very worried before coming, but now]
Before we came out,
- I thought, "Can I really go?"
- In a place with good air...
Being in a place with good air brings healing.
But CARAT really likes it!
["Being in a place with good air brings healing."]
I said we were going.
- Really?
- That we were going to "IN THE SOOP".
- On Weverse LIVE?
- Yes.
They really liked it.
I think it's nice being here though.
- I sort of...
- You were very worried, right?
More than worried, I wondered,
"Will we just reset?" But I think I'll rest well.
[As if those worries faded,
he's just enjoying this moment]
[SEVENTEEN's 2022 was hectic
after their contract renewal]
["BE THE SUN" SEVENTEEN "Concerts After 2 Years
And 4 Months, Will Share Happy Vibes"]
[Flashy Reunion of SEVENTEEN ▪ CARAT...
Opening the "BE THE SUN" World Tour]
[SEVENTEEN, "BE THE SUN" Asia Tour Confirmed...
World Tour Anticipation ↑]
[Best Concert Award at Culture Awards -
SEVENTEEN's World Tour "BE THE SUN"]
[Starting with Seoul, to North America,
Asia, and more]
[A successful world tour]
[To continue on with
the upcoming dome tour in Japan]
Yes, that's right. I feel like I'm going to die.
[Q. It seems like you've gotten busier lately.]
There were overlapping promotions that
required a lot of energy that.
There was the full length album
and repackaged album.
In between, we had various schedules.
[(The world tour)]
We landed in Korea yesterday
[International schedules continue endlessly]
and we're going on tour the day after tomorrow.
We actually said that the most.
Is it right for us to go at this time?
[Is it right to go to "IN THE SOOP 2"
amidst the busy schedules?]
Middle of a storm?
In the middle of a storm.
It's in the middle of our tour.
[Having to leave in the busy schedule of
preparing the tour and album]
and we have to prepare for the album.
[Having to leave in the busy schedule of
preparing the tour and album]
I think I felt a little uneasy, too.
[There was also anxiety]
But it would be nice to go if we had time.
["But it would be nice to go again."]
I think I'll just lay everything down
and be able to truly rest this time.
Either way, we'll work even when we rest.
I have the mindset that we should
totally rest when we rest.
["IN THE SOOP" taught them that
rest is necessary for the leap ahead]
Within that given time,
[Wanting to completely enjoy the given rest]
I'm trying to learn a way to spent time healthily.
Hold on. Be careful, VERNON!
[Rushed]
SEUNGKWAN feels sort of rushed.
I'm scared it'll swell.
It's hot!
I didn't know jjolmyeon was that difficult.
Is there no ice?
- Moms don't find things like this hot.
- We're so funny.
[Realizing how amazing
moms are through jjolmyeon]
They do it right away.
[Realizing how amazing
moms are through jjolmyeon]
Moms are incredible.
[(Quickly adding ice)]
The noodles have become this thick!
[Flustered by the swollen noodles]
Its jajangmyeon!
[;;;]
- Because there was jjolmyeon...
- Yes, we can do it once today and put in it.
[To the jjolmyeon noodles rinsed in ice water,]
[They add in homemade sauce]
Eat jjolmyeon!
Come here.
[Serving a bowl of jjolmyeon]
- The noodles... / - No, it's not like that at all.
- It's sort of... No.
It seems like jjolmyeon sold at Gimbap *eaven.
[First off, it passes visually]
- Please give us 8 pairs of chopstick.
- Please give us some chopsticks.
[^O^]
You can probably do that because
you also have hands...
Where are the rest of the guys?
What are they do?
The jjolmyeon is good!
Is it alright?
Sir, please give us plates.
[Puts down the chopsticks
and makes a U-turn to get plates]
It's spicy because you added peppers.
[The jjolmyeon even sounds delicious]
It's good!
Is JEONGHAN sleeping?
He's taking a Japanese lesson in the room.
No wonder I couldn't find him.
- Hi, teacher! / - Hello.
[Meanwhile, in JEONGHAN's room]
Hello!
[Doing a virtual lesson with his Japanese teacher]
Andong!
Have you been to Andong?
Andong soju. Andong jjimdak (braised chicken).
[Bragging about Andong]
Everyone is outside.
[Reporting the current situation live]
Even a gym...
There's even a gym and sauna.
[This much is easy] [Can give a simple
introduction of the areas]
There are many things.
[JEONGHAN is serious about his Japanese studies]
[◄◄◄ In the bus headed for Andong]
I wanted to make it for you.
[Forfeits sleep for Japanese studies]
We're going to Japan in 2 weeks
and until we go,
to make Japanese a bit more
familiar in my life,
I'm thinking about studying it everyday
when I have time. [(Japanese)]
[Even after that, JEONGHAN
studies Japanese for a while]
Let's go, my trainer!
Wire transfer to me!
[JOSHUA, HOSHI, WOOZI, and DINO]
[The official "IN THE SOOP 2" gym is open ★]
[WOOZI warms up first (a.k.a. trainer)]
[Really getting into private training sessions]
[Becoming beastly GYM idols]
6, 7.
Think about sending it straight back
to the side like this.
Yes, straight back.
I always think relaxing is important.
[- Trainer Woo -]
Keep the tension.
[(Bring up the tension)]
Straight back.
Think about being consistent while in the forest.
Whatever the area is.
[(Trainer Woo's encouragement)]
If you always try to make use
of the pros of that area,
[(Trainer Woo's encouragement)]
in every area,
- you'll be able to experience maximum benefits.
- Okay.
[(Part 2 of Trainer Woo's encouragement)]
Doesn't it feel like we came for training?
Right?
It would be nice if we left
with improved bodies.
- That would be cool.
- While only eating protein.
We don't even drink alcohol very much either.
- Sorry, DINO. / - Sorry, DINO.
[Cancelling what he just said kekeke]
DINO loves drinking.
DINO's popping is amazing.
[Member DINO is popping (?)]
- Nice. / - Nice! Popping DINO.
[Onlooker 1⤣] [Onlooker 2⤤]
Popping... Popping DINO.
[(Even the ending is clean-★)]
That was yours!
That was delicious.
That was delicious, DINO.
Is it too heavy?
[The next member JOSHUA sits down]
If it's too heavy, we can lower
the repetitions, so it's okay.
[HOSHI coaches this time]
5... That's right. 6.
7, 8.
[(Intense)]
- 2! / - Focus.
[Last one]
1. Focus!
Push straight up!
[Squeeze all the remaining strength...]
Good job!
[Squeeze all the remaining strength... Hurrah]
Done!
[Done with exercising!]
- Put it down.
- Okay.
You have to go to that point!
I almost gave up.
[Woo's GYM even takes care of
the members mentally]
[After his Japanese lesson,
JEONGHAN also heads to the gym]
It's incredible here!
[Quality of a new member:
Can't bear the desire to exercise]
Did you eat?
[The kind member takes care of
how the rookie is doing]
I haven't eaten yet.
[(How I look when
I can't settle down at the gym)]
I'm so tired. I can't do it.
[(How I look when
I can't settle down at the gym)]
- What? Are these rehab exercises?
- I'm going to do rehab exercises.
[You must be here to do rehab exercises]
WOOZI.
[A request for 1:1 coaching
from Trainer Woo]
I'll do it alone, so just watch my posture.
[A request for 1:1 coaching
from Trainer Woo]
It's not bad, but...
It's too...
It's like this.
[Trainer Woo demonstrates it (=squat master)]
It's not like this. It has to be like this.
- It doesn't matter at all if your knees
come forward a little bit. / - Really?
You can't bend your chest forward.
It's much better.
[Naturally joins the regular members]
[Working hard] [To recover from his elbow injury]
Can you watch my last 15?
Let's do the last 15 together.
When you go down...
1, 2, 3. 1. 1, 2, 3. 2.
[(Additional squat lesson)]
Start!
1, 2, 3. 1. 1, 2...
[Focusing more on rehab exercises with HOSHI]
1, 2, 3. That's right!
[Finishing off with the last set]
Nice! WOOZI teaches well.
I did a few times and I'm sweating.
[Sweating bullets]
From doing 100 squats.
You really have to exercise.
- With that, should we go eat meat?
- Okay.
Thank you, teacher!
- Great job. / - Great job, teacher. / - Great job.
[(A proper greeting to Trainer Woo)]
When the timing works out like this,
- I won't accept any money when we can
do it with partnerships. / - Thank you.
But if you happen
to need me when it's free time,
[Clear lines] [Reservations + payment required]
it'll be 50,000 for every time.
- Okay. / - Let's clean up.
[Clear lines] [Reservations + payment required]
From spotting to posture to anatomy,
I'll explain it all.
[Lectures on spotting
to human anatomy available]
- JEONGHAN is sweating a lot!
- Right?
Nice!
How are you pretty when you do this?
[(Closes eyes)]
That's an "IN THE SOOP" remark.
- That's why it was funny.
- This is such an "IN THE SOOP" remark.
[※Blocks broadcast remarks※]
Go and eat!
[JEONGHAN's rehab continued on
for much longer afterwards]
We can eat again in an hour.
[After the first lunch of "IN THE SOOP 2"]
- It's a snack. / - And in about 3 hours,
we can eat a late night snack.
[After the first lunch of "IN THE SOOP 2"]
It's a snack!
It's iffy.
We have to walk!
Where did MINGYU go?
[♩♪♬♪♩]
[(MINGYU is here)]
What are you doing?
Huh?
Where were you?
Do you want to work out?
You're not supposed to work out
right after eating.
[(Firm exercise philosophy)]
- Do you want to ride a canoe?
- Huh?
Do you want to ride a canoe?
[Not exercise, but go on a canoe]
- Sounds good! / - Let's go.
Sounds good.
Wow! It would be worth it
to ride a canoe here!
[Nakdong River refreshingly flows
before their eyes]
Hey! Do you want to try fishing, MINGYU?
How do I loosen this, MINGYU?
[Grabs the fishing rod first]
Lock it again and wind the line.
[※Filming was conducted with
the consent from the local government.※]
[MINGYU casts first]
[...?] [MINGYU casts first]
- Huh?
- I have it.
That could've been bad. Wait! Stay still.
[Almost caught S.COUPS instead of a fish;;]
- It's here. / - Be careful!
I removed it.
[Almost caught S.COUPS instead of a fish;;]
Since we're rookies,
do you want to ride a boat and do it?
Okay!
But can you cast it like that?
But I think it's better than this.
Even if we don't cast it!
[Let's just go for it]
[A life jacket is necessary for safety]
Hey, we're Boongboongi.
You never know. We might catch one and say,
"Wow! We can catch them!"
[S.COUPS and MINGYU's boat leaves
with the dreams of a boat full of fish]
"We can catch them, guys!"
We might say this.
[S.COUPS and MINGYU's boat leaves
with the dreams of a boat full of fish]
That's right!
It's floating. Come in.
[Very excited from the departure]
The water is cold, right?
The water is really cold.
[The cold is unexpectedly cold]
- I said it was cold.
- As expected, creeks are different.
[The cold is unexpectedly cold]
Let's go.
Press down, take hold, and push. 1, 2, 3!
[Coordinating before departing]
[They struggle to pull the oars]
Go! Where are we going?
- That's right. / - We have to go on the water.
[They struggle to pull the oars]
We have to go!
Let's go with our butts. That's right!
We pushed well.
- Let's go with our butts. / - Be careful now.
[Somehow departing with their butts]
1, 2!
It's unstable!
[Oh my...]
[(Wobble+chaos+and 2 scaredy cats)]
We have to be careful! Straighten your arms!
Straighten out your legs! Yes, safe like this.
[Barely getting balance]
[Barely getting balance and
starting to pull the oars]
It's quite deep!
- It's deep. / - It's deep. It'll be bad if we fall.
[Flustered by the pretty deep waters]
- It's deep here! / - We can't joke around.
I can't see!
Hurry up and pull!
[First nagging]
[First nagging, second thrilling]
Even if we fall in, we're wearing life vests,
so we can just swim over!
But it's so cold!
We can't go any more. Brake!
[(Detecting off course)]
7, 8.
- 1, 2. 1, 2. / - 1, 2. 1, 2.
[Coordinating again]
- 1, 2. 1, 2.
We're doing well!
1, 2!
We'll go to Seoul!
Is it Han River this way?
It's too fast.
The direction!
Push this way. This way.
Turn back?
The water current is strong here.
- Going on that boulder
and just leaving it there. / - Right?
[Making circles to search for a fishing spot]
So there's a boulder there. That sort of boulder.
We have to cast it at that end for fishing.
[Making circles to search for a fishing spot]
That rock.
- In the middle?
- Yes.
Let's tie the sail there
and try fishing.
1, 2. 1, 2.
[Moving to the spot MINGYU picked ►►►]
It's quite fast.
Rocks!
[Wobbling simultaneously with the crash]
[(Hiding their surprise with laughter)]
It's fun.
- Go back. / - I'm getting excited.
[Ke]
Be careful!
We really need to be careful.
We'll go at once.
The water is okay,
but what I don't like is
that my cell phone is in
my pocket right now.
[Same situation, different worry]
- I think it'll be very cold.
- Your phone is in your pocket, right?
[Same situation, different worry]
[Heave-ho]
- Butt control.
- I'll go this way.
[The 2 are slowly coordinating and going]
Yes, all the big fish are probably here.
- Not a lot of water is flowing.
- Should we go there? Should we go over there?
Let's just cast it here.
Let's just cast it straight here.
- Should we?
- Yes.
[Starting to fish in the canoe for
the first time after many complications]
It goes in very deep.
Seriously, stop lying.
We can catch them here?
Fish are popping out there.
Really?
Look over there!
Cast it between that rock.
Oh, there are many fish.
Aren't there only small ones?
But I think the bait is bigger.
[Is it just me or is the bait bigger than the fish...]
I can see fish.
This is perfect. This is our designated spot.
[Today's designated fishing spot]
Are there no big fish?
Move a little carefully!
[(Casting regardless)]
- Seriously...
- No!
- Oh, it's ruined.
- There are fish.
- Hey.
- Why?
I think I caught you.
[MINGYU (?) caught S.COUPS again]
Can you feel it?
- No, where are you? / - Behind you.
[Heavy hold felt through the fishing rod]
Wait.
Oh, the life vest. It's on the life vest.
[The hook is caught on S.COUPS' life vest]
Be careful with your hands.
[Hook flies off~]
Should we move spots?
[Naturally getting back at him kekeke]
[Moving to the next spot]
Oh, it's a bit bigger now.
[(The fish are)]
There are only minnows...
Oh! These are big!
- They got a little bigger than before, right?
- Yes.
But when the boat passes by, the fish run away.
[Self volume adjustment]
I'll catch it this time.
Come on!
[The waiting time begins like that]
Oh, you caught one!
Stop lying.
[(Suspicious first)]
Oh, it bit!
I caught one!
- I caught one!
- Hahahaha!
I caught one!
[First fishing at "IN THE SOOP 2" was a success]
Take it off.
I can't take it off...
- It's amazing. / - It bites.
[Happy from catching it]
I'll take it off for you. Stay still.
It also hurts for you, right?
It also hurts for me.
Was there a tingle in your hand?
Yes, it goes bam bam like this.
Bite on mine, too!
[S.COUP's desperate plea]
Where is it?
It's cute.
I want to sprinkle some water on it.
[(There's a fish)]
It's so funny that we caught one.
We have to show it off to JEONGHAN!
JEONGHAN said, "Can you catch them?"
JEONGHAN!
Be quiet!
[JEONGHAN~ X2]
We can catch fish here!!
[JEONGHAN, who S.COUPS was calling for,]
[Is still at the gym working out]
[And in the sleep zone,]
[There is complete silence
with nobody to be seen]
[(...Actually, there was VERNON)]
[JUN and THE 8 were finishing
their meals in the food zone]
You're done eating, right?
[JUN and THE 8 were finishing
their meals in the food zone]
Wow, it's a work of art right now.
Wow, it's so beautiful.
[SEUNGKWAN is enjoying a walk
in front of the food zone]
Wow, it's insane.
[In the forest]
[In the forest, the members
have their own personal time]
The vibe is so amazing. Oh my gosh.
It's the fall!
[JUN and THE 8 go outside
after cleaning the food zone]
- It's beautiful. / - It's insane.
[JUN and THE 8 go outside
after cleaning the food zone]
- The sky is really pretty, right?
- It's insane!
[They each move to find the best photo zone]
It's really beautiful.
It's insane.
You took a better photo.
It's artistic. Sort of like this.
[(Heh)]
It sort of seems like a blanket.
A blanket in the sky.
- Right?
- Yes.
It's a sight we can't really see in Seoul.
It's not
["It's a sight we can't really see in Seoul."]
open like this!
We can see this much when we're not high up.
[Seeing sights that aren't easily seen in
the city is a daily thing at "IN THE SOOP"]
It really seems like a blanket.
[Seeing sights that aren't easily seen in
the city is a daily thing at "IN THE SOOP"]
[#Currently_fall #Blue_sky
#Cloud_flock #And_finger_heart]
Look at the birds.
Huh?
There are suddenly a lot.
You're right.
We'll wake up to this sound tomorrow morning.
[Sounds of birds]
[Energetic voice is heard from somewhere]
The ones from SEVENTEEN
that sing the most at karaoke rooms.
That's right.
- JUN really likes karaoke rooms.
- JUN and DK.
[JUN and DK?!]
[Singing resonates in the still forest]
[♫ "After the play" - DK
(Original by: DICKPUNKS /
Lyrics and song by: Choi Myungseob)]
Dance!
[♫ "After the play" - DK
(Original by: DICKPUNKS /
Lyrics and song by: Choi Myungseob)]
[How exciting]
[Proving they're karaoke room
members right away]
[♫ "It must have been love" - JUN, DK]
[Original by: Yoon Do Hyun /
Lyrics and song by: Jeon Hyesung)]
[So immersed]
[THE 8 suddenly enters like a comet]
[Cute footwork⤥]
Who is it?
[The song enters the climax ♫]
Looking back on myself once.
[Singing alone]
[Leaving the members
who are singing as if entranced]
Who is it? Minghao?
[Where is THE 8 headed to?]
[(Bouncing dandelion spore)]
Should I go below?
[THE 8 and SEUNGKWAN
go to play at the campgrounds]
- They're playing right now. / - Yes.
[THE 8 and SEUNGKWAN
go to play at the campgrounds]
- The 2 of them are in the water.
- Really?
Push this way!
[Finding another fishing spot and moving]
Turn.
1, 2, 3!
- 1.
- 1, 2!
1, 2!
Avoid the boulder.
What are they doing?
1, 2.
- It's that rock.
- 1, 2.
[THE 8 and SEUNGKWAN are stacking rocks]
But the rocks are so pretty!
I suddenly thought of playing
outside at a playground
while waiting for my mom's meals
when I was a kid.
We were also kids.
Look, SEUNGKWAN.
Isn't it so different from mine?
It's on another level, right?
A level...
Wait. A higher level.
[The 2 stone towers are on different levels (?)]
Now! The 4 character idiom
you're learning today is
so-tam-dae-sil.
This is your situation.
Experience a huge loss for something small.
So-tam-dae-sil.
But jeon-hwa-wi-bok and try again.
[Make the misfortune into an advantage]
I'm going to do it more.
- Life is about finding balance. / - Yes.
[THE 8 is thinking, "Working hard on
a tower is never in vain..."]
[(Peeks)]
What are they doing?
Wow, but the sky is insane.
It's insane!
[With the picturesque sky as background]
[With the picturesque sky as background,
taking a photo]
But isn't the sky so fascinating?
It's fascinating.
It's always there.
[Always in the same place]
- It's always different. / - It's always different.
[The sky is always in the same place,
but shows something different every time]
I might name my kid "Haneul" (sky).
Haneul! Boo Haneul!
I think the sky is the prettiest picture.
You can't create these colors.
[(Imitate)]
This is a K-compliment trait.
[Keke]
Huh?
[It's a K-compliment trait. Keke]
Saying real things are like a picture and
saying a picture is like something real.
K-compliment.
But today, it really does seem like the sky is...
[(Professor Boo's K-compliment trait)]
How should I say this?
As you said, it's really like a blanket.
[(Professor Boo's K-compliment trait)]
[As these 2 are staring at the sky]
We cut off the tails so they're easier to eat!
[The 2 fishers only look at the fish]
They'll go into your mouths well.
Nice!
Wow! There are lots of fish here.
[Hi~]
Hey! Let us go on it!
You want go on this?
Yes.
- Okay. We'll go. Just 5 minutes.
- Let us ride it, too.
- We'll just catch 1.
- This is a dialect.
- What are you saying?
- How long are you going to ride it?
We're going soon!
Did you pay a lease?
I paid a lease.
Should we go back?
Let's try one more time tomorrow.
I'll study on You*ube before I come.
[Dreaming of a boat load of fish next time...]
It has to be the opposite way.
The opposite way?
[Done exercising] [JEONGHAN heads to
the campgrounds listening to the birds]
It's really nice.
[Done exercising] [JEONGHAN heads to
the campgrounds listening to the birds]
[WONWOO discovers JEONGHAN
on the way out of the playground]
[Sprints]
Pruning JEONGHAN!
[Slaps]
But the guys are playing quite hard.
Who... Who is playing hard?
Everyone...
Who is that?
S.COUPS.
- S.COUPS and who?
- Wouldn't it be MINGYU?
[(S.COUPS)] [(MINGYU)]
[Correct]
- JEONGHAN! / - Yes?
[Discovers JEONGHAN]
We caught one!
[(A fish)]
Good job!
But he... He put it in the container and lost it.
[Also tattles on how MINGYU lost it keke]
You're my luck today.
[◀◀◀ 15 minutes ago] [🤍]
- It fell out! / - Huh?
[◀◀◀ 15 minutes ago] [You are my luck today🤍]
- Huh? / - It fell out of the bottom.
[(Confused MINGYU)]
It fell out just now.
[The fish escaped through
the hole in the fishing net]
Straight through the bottom!
[The fish escaped through
the hole in the fishing net]
I told you to leave it below there!
There's a hole here.
SEUNGKWAN!
[The members start to gather
at the campgrounds]
[※Filming was conducted with
the consent from the local government.※]
Try going quickly.
Quickly?
[The canoe with THE 8 and
SEUNGKWAN departs]
It has to be the opposite way.
[(Pulling the oars)]
The opposite way?
Like this?
You're doing it the opposite way.
- Is it like this? / - Yes.
[(How to pull oars has been inputted)]
You're right!
[How cute kekeke]
You're right.
SEUNGKWAN, Minghao!
Is that fun?
Yes!
It's slightly scary.
It's scary?
DK! You should go on the kayak!
30,000 won?
[Refer_to_JEONGHAN_DK_and_SEUNGKWAN's_
clear_kayak_in_Jeju-do)]
Let's take a selfie!
[His eyes are also smiling this time]
Hey!
- Ho!
- Hey, ho!
- They'll probably chase all the fish away.
[Always worried about fishing]
Hey, ho!
[Regardless, the 2 are busy riding the kayak]
Let's go that way tomorrow.
[We did as much as we could]
[Today's fishing_is_totally_over]
Let's stop here for today.
[We did as much as we could]
[Today's fishing_is_totally_over]
- Are you going to work out now, MINGYU?
- Yes.
- Let's go.
- Why? Are you getting languid?
From not moving...
You need to work out, S.COUPS!
Hey! Should we work out together?
- Let's do it all together.
- No, I'll do it alone.
Let's do it together.
I'll do it alone!
Why? You don't want to show a weaker
side of yourself? [(?)] [Joking]
Huh? [Do you not want to show
a weaker (?) side of yourself?] [Joking]
S.COUPS used to be the strongest.
I'm probably still the strongest.
[(?)] [Last bit of pride]
- Strength is...
- Not with lifting weights.
[Meanwhile, the members that
worked out came to eat meat]
Oh! "IN THE SOOP"!
[→↗]
- In the SOOP, I feel good / - I feel good!
[Why are Trainer Woo and
the members going crazy?]
[A shelf of the refrigerator is filled
with high grade meat]
Hey, it's crazy. It looks so good!
What do we do! [❤]
Wow, it's so nice.
[Hey, it's crazy. It looks so good. ❤
What do we do?!]
[Let's take it out first and see]
What do you want to do right now?
What? Why?
[Considering nutrition] [Carefully thinking
about which area to eat with Trainer Woo]
What should we do?
[Considering nutrition] [Carefully thinking
about which area to eat with Trainer Woo]
Let's go with under blade steak,
strip loin, and rib eye.
[Today's pick]
- Like this.
- Like this. / - Yeah.
Sounds good.
I'll just change quickly and come.
Nice!
Nice! If we reduce the amount of
dishes as much as possible,
[(Excitement overload at the thought of meat)]
we can enjoy the food!
[(Lyrics·Song: HOSHI)]
HOSHI?
[Hungry DINO also heads to the food zone]
What should I help you with?
I'm preparing this first.
[(The meat to grill)]
Are we going to eat anything else?
Or hey...
Should we try something like that?
- What? / - Sounds good.
[Agrees first]
Hey, that looks good, DINO.
[Do everything you want, Chan]
In a large brass bowl,
we can make beef brisket bibimbap.
Since we're using metals,
we can just wash that. Make it simple!
[You know? You know I mean, right?]
Then in the big brass bowl,
let's chop the kimchi
- and put in here and add gochujang
(chili pepper paste). / - Let's chop it in.
We can add sesame oil and then
put rice on top and just grill meat.
Yeah!
Sounds good!
That sounds so good, DINO.
[Sounds good!]
[Getting ready to prepare the meal]
Let's do it.
[Taking the clean mushrooms]
[Taking the clean mushrooms and
cutting it thinly to prepare]
Are you going to stir fry that, DINO?
[Planning to bring out
the natural taste and stir fry it]
Yes, I think it'll be good if it's slightly stir fried.
[Planning to bring out
the natural taste and stir fry it]
Right? Then...
[Planning to bring out
the natural taste and stir fry it]
After we stir fry all of that and
do the dishes...
These are enough vegetables, right?
Should we add more?
[(Loading)]
- One more!
- One more?
We need to slice the kimchi next.
Should we slice some kimchi and prepare it?
- This.
- Sounds great!
[When it comes to this kimchi...]
It's been a while.
Wow, the kimchi! The smell!
[Took care of SEVENTEEN's every meal
on the past "IN THE SOOP"]
It looks good!
[DINO's grandma's kimchi
that everybody loved]
Do you remember last time?
How we finished all of it in 2 days
during "iN THE SOOP"?
That's why she gave me double the amount.
[His grandma packed plenty this time]
First, let's stir fry each one
and put it in here.
Just how it goes well with everything.
[Lightly stir frying the sliced mushrooms]
[And if HOSHI chops the kimchi]
[And if HOSHI chops the kimchi,
DINO will stir fry it on the frying pan]
[DINO's grandma's kimchi
is becoming more delicious~]
Please taste test.
[(Tester HOSHI)]
Wow, grandma!
[❤]
Grandma!
[Wow] [❤]
[At the table, they're recharging
on protein to prevent muscle loss]
This is it!
[This is it, hanwoo]
[Chomping into a well-cooked piece of meat]
[A humbling taste]
Is it so delicious?
[JOSHUA takes a bite afterwards]
- Wow!
- It's really good, right?
The meat is so high quality.
[Never-ending praises of the meat]
Even when we don't season it
and just grill it, it's good dipped in salt.
[Never-ending praises of the meat]
It's really good.
Okay. Let's go!
[The fried egg, the cherry of
bibimbap, is complete]
1.
[JOSHUA +1]
2.
[WOOZI +1]
3.
[HOSHI +1]
4.
[Mine ❤ +1]
[Bean sprouts⤤]
We finished stir frying everything.
[(Tiger eating raw bean sprouts)]
Hey, but aren't bean sprouts stir fried?
Should we just put it in?
[He wants to eat it...]
- I'm lazy. / - Vegetables are normally...
[He wants to eat it... But too lazy to stir fry...]
- Since we're eating it fresh...
Yees, let's just eat it.
[Plain vegetables] [❤]
I have to wash this.
[(......)]
Let's just eat it...
[HOSHI)]
Yes...
[HOSHI) Let's just eat it] [DINO)]
It's probably the same.
[Adding lettuce to the bibimbap]
[Also adding a bunch of
gochujang and sesame oil]
- Are you all prepared with a spoon?
- Yes, sir!
Are you prepared with a spoon?
I like it so much.
[Hehehe]
[HOSHI and DINO's brass bowl
bibimbap is finished]
These visuals are cheating.
[HOSHI and DINO's brass bowl
bibimbap is finished]
[Finally starting the meal,
what will it taste like?]
Is it very delicious?
This is it!
This is it.
Your grandma's kimchi saved this.
[(DINO)]
I'm glad you added kimchi.
It's good.
[JOSHUA sits and WOOZI stands]
- You even added bean sprouts!
- Yes.
Kimchi and bean sprouts...
What else did you add?
We stir fried mushrooms and added it.
[Relaying the special recipe to Trainer Woo]
We added lettuce and stir fried kimchi.
It's very simple.
[★★★★★]
It's good.
[(Savoring his bite)]
It's been a while since
I've felt a thrill while eating.
That's right.
I think food after a workout tastes the best.
It's incredible.
Wow! Look at the color.
[It's not over until it's over]
What is this?
- Is it rib eye? / - It's rib eye.
[It's not over until it's over]
What we ate until now was
under blade steak and this is rib eye.
[Changing the area: starting round 2]
The Maillard reaction!
["IN THE SOOP" lesson of the day]
[The Maillard reaction: chemical reaction where
food is browned and given a distinctive color]
This is meat!
- It looks so good.
- This is meat!
Why can't you spurt?
You can't grow muscles like that.
[Men]
[Campgrounds]
- It's not. Like this? / - Hurry!
No, a little longer... deeper.
[THE 8 and SEUNGKWAN are still rowing]
We have to go in deep.
- Hey!
- It's okay.
- Hey, I'm scared.
- It's okay!
I'm here.
- I'm here, SEUNGKWAN.
- You have to do it.
Okay.
[I'm here, SEUNGKWAN]
I'll do only as I'm told.
[THE 8 works hard and rows for SEUNGKWAN]
Hey!
Orchids!
[(Detecting danger)]
That could've been really bad!
[Hahahahaha]
[THE 8 just finds SEUNGKWAN cute]
I saved us.
How old are you?
[Our cutie SEUNGKWAN]
I'm 25 years old.
You've gotten a bit older.
How old are you?
[(Then what about you...?)]
- 26 years old. / - 26 years old.
[1 year age difference]
At what age will I think "I'm old now"?
That's true.
The guys always say,
"I'm 30 very soon."
- But wouldn't it feel different every time?
- That's right.
As an idol, I might say
that I'm older in my 30s,
- but in other ways, we can say that
we're still young. / - That's right.
[In some ways]
[Looks around]
What if we float away...?
[Like this]
I'm holding it right now.
Floating away.
[Currently SEUNGKWAN's perspective
(Very reliable older brother)]
[Rowing the opposite direction⤸]
It really suits you.
It's the other way!
[(The direction of rowing)]
That's right.
I think it's nice for people long ago.
- People long ago?
- They all just went like this.
That's right.
Without cell phones and cars.
Right now, people of our day
have no choice but to be rushed.
[Modern day people have to be rushed]
Because all the fast things come out.
- That's right. / - There's something like that.
[Modern day people have to be rushed]
The friends you wanted to see after school...
- Do you know how it feels the next day?
- That's right.
- I do! / - But now, we can call everyone.
[(If you miss them)]
Now, everything...
Cell phones make people so impatient.
That's right.
We just end up knowing things quickly.
[Life happens quickly]
So people don't know how to wait.
That's right.
[These days, people are forgetting how to wait]
- We're forgetting how to wait. / - That's right.
So these days, people are anxious and depressed.
[Sometimes, we must escape the daily routine]
[Sometimes, we must escape the daily routine
and have time to enjoy nature]
That's right.
[Sometimes, we must escape the daily routine
and have time to enjoy nature]
The reasons why I was struggling until now...
[(When I think about it)]
Knowing myself comes first
- and from that, I can find the solutions.
- But...
You need to know yourself.
[The first step of a solution is knowing yourself]
- I... / - You have to start with that.
You have to start with yourself and actually...
[The first step of a solution is knowing yourself]
If you know yourself
and don't change the situation,
you can change yourself.
But you have to change the situation
to a certain extent.
It's because you know the complete answer.
But later on, those times are supposed to come.
I know myself very well
and I know how to change, too.
But I can't change.
But just that heart...
You just need to change that heart.
You know how that will change.
[SEUNGKWAN repeats what THE 8 said]
You know how to change, too.
You know what the problem is, too.
[SEUNGKWAN repeats what THE 8 said]
But you struggle.
- Then that struggle is...
- Now...
- "I'm just having a hard time." / - To listen...
[Right now]
Everyone struggles!
[Accepting struggles completely is a method]
Then you just say, "Oh, I'm really struggling."
That's tough.
[Accepting struggles completely is a method]
I'm having a hard time.
It's really hard to reflect on yourself.
[But facing your struggling self is also hard]
It's okay to struggle,
but you shouldn't resolve it in a bad way.
It's okay to struggle.
- Struggles are a given thing.
- It's okay to struggle.
It's okay to struggle.
Of course you might struggle!
Just as we're happy sometimes,
we also struggle sometimes.
But there are actually more struggles.
- Isn't it a struggle half the time for everyone?
- That's right.
No, but as I'm struggling, I'm happy.
- As I'm struggling, I'm really happy.
- Then that's good.
I think it's a relief that I'm in a place like this
and I can feel happiness
on my own while looking at nature.
[Relieved that he can feel happy in nature]
You still feel it.
- I know how to feel it and how to like it,
so I think it's a relief. / - That's right.
That's how much of a detailed side I have.
- Myself... / - That's right.
[But at times, those emotions collide
and there's sensitivity]
- So even with trivial emotions... / - We feel them.
[But at times, those emotions collide
and there's sensitivity]
I keep feeling them.
[But at times, those emotions collide
and there's sensitivity]
I also used to have
a very sensitive personality, right?
I really hated it for a while.
[(My personality)]
Yourself?
People were so cautious of me.
[THE 8's past comes to mind when
looking at SEUNGKWAN now]
- Well... / - When I did something...
[THE 8's past comes to mind when
looking at SEUNGKWAN now]
I actually still think that way.
- Me too. Yes.
- If there's one thing,
it's one after another.
- It's one after another. / - It's one after another.
[Countless thoughts with no conclusion]
And there's no conclusion.
[Countless thoughts with no conclusion
with one after another]
You just keep thinking.
[Countless thoughts with no conclusion
with one after another]
But now, I think my personality
has improved a lot because
I can feel more emotions
that others can't feel.
- That's a huge advantage for us.
- And...
And as an artist,
those emotions
[Rather than hiding the emotions]
can be made more artistic and
[Rather than hiding the emotions,
trying to express them in a positive way]
you can make something related to our jobs.
[Rather than hiding the emotions,
trying to express them in a positive way]
I feel like I've become someone who can share
these emotions to more people, too.
[Rather than hiding the emotions,
trying to express them in a positive way]
That's right.
- That's right.
- It's just one thing. It's just...
I can feel a lot of emotions.
[Being devoted to the many emotions felt lately]
I'm very devoted these days.
But the job of being an idol like us...
I think there's something like that.
- The anxiety felt during breaks.
When we rest, it's sort of... - That's right.
We have to do self care
and exercise.
[Self care is constant also during breaks]
- We have to work out.
- We have to do things related to our jobs...
[Self care is constant also during breaks]
Of course, that mindset it good.
But you also need to feel relaxed
- so that you can do
- That's right.
- a better job at this job.
- And you end up loving it.
And these days, I'm really like that.
During our world tour 3 years ago,
I had a very hard time.
My skill of feeling things was very poor.
[THE 8 reached his limits during
the world tour 3 years ago]
We always do the same stages on tour.
[THE 8 reached his limits during
the world tour 3 years ago]
But now, I still struggle physically,
[The current world tour schedules
is physically tiring just the same]
but mentally,
[While completely feeling the love]
the fact that I'm receiving love...
[While completely feeling the love,
THE 8 feels relaxed]
- Now that I'm relaxed on the inside. / - Yes.
[While completely feeling the love,
THE 8 feels relaxed]
These days, I can even feel
the love we receive from fans.
[These days, I can even feel the love we receive from CARAT.]
I sort of feel it.
[Just do]
- It's sort of just so... It's so nice!
- I was like that recently, too.
So these days, I feel very relaxed.
The sense of urgency I used to feel disappeared.
[(That was there)]
Relationships became very comfortable.
[As he felt relaxed]
With everyone...
[As he felt relaxed, relationships became natural]
What about me?
How someone else sees me?
I'm curious how others also see me.
[SEUNGKWAN is curious how others see him]
When I look at you...
Even if it's not about troubles (issues).
Whether I look sensitive...
But being sensitive isn't a bad thing.
I think it's a good thing.
When I think about it now,
being sensitive is a good thing.
- Really...
- If it's used well.
Because if you're not sensitive...
If you don't go deep...
We can check more good and new emotions.
[Being sensitive means they have
the skill to feel and express various emotions]
That's right.
[Being sensitive means they have
the skill to feel and express various emotions]
We have the skill to feel more.
[Being sensitive means they have
the skill to feel and express various emotions]
I think it's such a good thing.
[Being sensitive means they have
the skill to feel and express various emotions]
And even with expression...
- That's right. / - It's much better than someone
that's not sensitive. You're deeper.
What you feel is different.
You need to feel in this world
to live a more fun life.
But since we're not living alone,
when others see me...
[SEUNGKWAN is worried he'll harm others
with his thought and heart]
I can't do that while harming others.
[SEUNGKWAN is worried he'll harm others
with his thought and heart]
But I...
[SEUNGKWAN is worried he'll harm others
with his thought and heart]
But I think that sort of harm is okay.
Either way, as long as you don't
intentionally try to harm others, it's okay.
And at the end of the day,
hurting others
makes you feel the worst.
Even if you do that, you'll regret it afterwards.
"I shouldn't be like this."
- Yes, then I learn. / - Yes.
[An encouragement that being as he is
right now is plenty enough]
I think I was trained too much on
how others might see me.
Especially when I was a trainee.
I wasn't like this when I was young.
I used to goof off wherever I went.
As I became a trainee, I sort of...
[Evaluations became a given as a trainee]
"That doesn't look cool."
"Why are you doing that? It's so weird."
[Evaluations became a given as a trainee]
I heard this so much.
So the way others saw me
became the standard.
I thought a lot about how others
will see me if I do something.
- That's a little unfortunate...
- That's really...
But it's sort of...
But I...
If others like what they see of me,
[How others see him became
the standard of happiness]
Isn't that enough?
[How others see him became
the standard of happiness]
I also feel like that makes me happy.
[How others see him became
the standard of happiness]
- Even now? / - What others like of me
[How others see him became
the standard of happiness]
also became what I like.
But that doesn't mean
I'm distinctly subjective.
But with what I do...
Whether it's over a cover song or what I want,
[I have certainty of what I'm good at]
I really have certainty about myself.
We need to go out on this to be successful.
[I have certainty of what I'm good at]
If we go out on this, reactions will be amazing.
I have certainty about myself,
but I feel like I lack the eye for photos
[Scared and worried about what he lacks]
- compared to others. / - That's...
To me, that's completely irrelevant.
[Scared and worried about what he lacks]
It was to
look good for the fans and public or
[Having a good influence on CARAT is a given]
give good energy, right?
You don't need to think of that too much.
[Having a good influence on CARAT is a given]
- This is a given... / - It's a given.
It's right to do what others would like.
[Having a good influence on CARAT is a given]
Either way, that's also to show myself.
Things like In*tagram aren't
based on my standards either.
If you really don't want to go off
others' standards, don't post anything.
But when you do this,
they'll like it.
[On the other hand, actions to be accepted]
"I have to do this to be accepted by this person."
I think that's totally...
[On the other hand, actions to be accepted]
I think that will give you a hard time.
[Things that give you a hard time]
Because if you do things on your standards
and make it so you accept them,
why do you need more acceptance from others?
Or if I'm not good at something,
I accept it
and I would just receive
help from others with that.
Then I would feel more at ease.
- "Why do I go by others' standards?"
You won't think this anymore. / - That's right.
That's why you also have to accept
what you are not good at.
It's not that I picked this!
- People who will see good things about me
are looking at me. / - That's right!
I can think of it that way,
but I'm so easily convinced.
Do I get too swayed?
[Has been swayed by others' perspectives]
"I can't pick this on my own?"
I sort of become like this. At the time.
[Has been swayed by others' perspectives]
That's a given.
And we...
We're very mannerly people.
We have very mannered personalities,
so if we behave based off our standards,
we can't do anything others will hate.
- That's right. Basically...
- Yes, basically...
- We... / - Because we're not bad people...
[We grew up more mannered than others]
Fundamentally, we are courteous,
so we...
That's a great comment.
So if you have your standards
and accept yourself, [And act]
will we ever behave in a way
that others will see negatively?
We don't want to live like that,
so how could we?
That's right.
Just recognize that.
[That thought alone begins small transformation]
- It's very hard to change. / - That's right.
But you have to know how to think that way.
So it's very important to know yourself.
- That's right.
- Even with myself,
I thought I cared about how others saw me.
[Learning about myself through conversation]
I knew because you told me.
It's not that I care about others,
[Learning about myself through conversation]
but that it was given.
That's right. That's a given!
I might make a lot of decisions with certainty
in myself more than I care what others think,
but I didn't know that now and
- I found out through talking with you now.
- You found out?
I'm sorry, but you're gradually...
I feel like your body is going in deeper!
They're still there?
[⤺(There's a person here)]
Honestly, can't you not see now?
This isn't done while seeing.
I did it. It fell off.
[◄◄◄ 2 hours ago]
[Another visitor at Nakdong River]
[JEONGHAN is serious about fishing]
[Until the sun set... and the night wore on...
he sadly stayed in one spot]
Done! I'll stop here.
I can't see anything!
- If I fall in, save me, SEUNGKWAN!
- Okay!
JEONGHAN! Don't fall...
Okay. I'm going to fish all day
starting tomorrow morning.
[Reserving morning fishing tomorrow again]
Should we take a photo of each other?
[THE 8 and SEUNGKWAN want
to capture this moment in a photo]
It's pretty.
I hope you make it level.
[Click~]
It's a work of art.
[I'm a pretty decent person.jpg]
Should we starting heading out?
It was so nice!
Should I run after I eat?
Should I eat after I run?
[The first night of "IN THE SOOP 2" has come]
We'll probably gain about 3 kg
after "IN THE SOOP" ends, right?
I have to maintain it well
while at "IN THE SOOP".
[S.COUPS, JUN, WONWOO, MINGYU, and DK
are at the hot place of "IN THE SOOP"]
- If we don't maintain it now, we can't
even afterwards. / - That's right. It's not easy.
[S.COUPS, JUN, WONWOO, MINGYU, and DK
are at the hot place of "IN THE SOOP"]
But before going on the dome tour,
we're resting for the last time.
[Since "IN THE SOOP" is right before
the Japan dome tour, can't we rest?]
"IN THE SOOP" feels like
[Since "IN THE SOOP" is right before
the Japan dome tour, can't we rest?]
everyday when the concerts end.
["IN THE SOOP 2" =
everyday when the concerts end]
The day with no concerts, but when it ends.
["IN THE SOOP 2" =
everyday when the concerts end]
Exercise is also rest.
[JUN brings tension to relaxed "IN THE SOOP"]
- Work out as you eat! / - Okay.
After this, let's do the Smith machine,
[Coach MINGYU]
[Workout briefing to prevent 3kg weight gain]
- dumbbells once, and then flies? / - Okay.
[Coach MINGYU]
[Workout briefing to prevent 3kg weight gain]
Let's just do that. Let's not do it excessively
while we're at "IN THE SOOP".
[Let's not go hardcore since we came to rest]
Raise it by 5kg, DK.
Raise it?
[Let's not go hardcore since we came to rest]
- Do you want to try 25? / - 25?
[Is this "IN THE SOOP". Or Seokchon Lake?]
- It's a weight I can't feel. / - 1... Okay. It's okay.
DK! Push all the way!
[MINGYU's training pushes with no rest]
2! You can do it!
Do you know how it should feel?
[(Rebellion is useless)]
I feel like my eyes are going to pop out.
You're going to eat, right, DK?
[(Rebellion is useless)]
I feel like I need to eat.
Try pushing here like this.
That's what happens if
you get caught by MINGYU.
[Motivated members also start working out]
I feel like we'll all just leave bulked up.
I think that's my maximum.
[DK declares K.O.]
What do I do now? Everyone probably ate.
[Members come to mind since he's tired]
[Meanwhile, what about
the other members in the forest?]
[They're catching up on sleepy]
[Or reading comic books they haven't read]
[Or listening to songs they like]
[In their own ways,]
[In their own ways, TIME OFF]
[And]
[Familiar silhouettes headed
for the strength zone]
[Why are they headed
to the dark strength zone?!]
It would be moody to run alone, right?
Hey, man!
You're going again?
[The first night of "IN THE SOOP 2" approaches]
[Our break begins now!!]
Push!
[The gym is running in full throttle mode 24 hours]
Okay, guys! Samgyeopsal with Andong soju!
[Playing+eating]
[Delicious food goes hand in hand with breaks]
It looks very good, Mr. Wen Junhui.
[What special dish will Chef JUN show?!]
Wow! That's insane!
[Beautifully insane!]
It looks good!
[From oven bakes steaming with oil]
Samgyeopsal (pork belly), let's go!
[To fire-grilled samgyeopsal, very NICE!!]
[While having a drink together]
- Cheers! / - Cheers!
[While having a drink together,
they wrap up the day with dinner]
It's very good!
[🖒]
[SEVENTEEN's deep night
that's hotter than day]
[And...]
I wanted to say this to you.
From a certain moment...
I'm suddenly tearing up.
[Even unpredictable SEUNGKWAN's tears
in the midst of conversations]
I'm next to you, SEUNGKWAN.
[What happened that night?]
Hyung...